Still pretending, if you are really so good
Married for three years
Why don't you give me a Marquis of Chifeng or something?
Are you still guilty of being kicked out by me?
What if you really had the right?
Then I draw horizontal
I'm afraid ten lives are not enough to die?
I see you.
Are you here to pick up balls for other people and earn tips?
Hey, just right.
You can solve it for us right here.
In this case, I can reward you with more money.
Take care of us
What are you still doing?
Go pick up the ball
Why is it too far?
Then I'll call closer
Ahaha, Mr. Zhou
I still want to be promoted to General Duhu
Disgraceful thing, bastard thing
Can you trust me?
Which dog eye did you see me in the fighting ground?
You are clearly autistic
Okay, since you like to die so much
Then I'll let you have a long memory
What's up?
Manager Wang, when are you Tianao?
Even this kind of cat and dog can come in
How dare you attack me?
Give me an explanation yes yes yes
Mr. Zhou, I will handle it for you.
This gentleman
Please show your membership card immediately
Membership Card
I don't have it.
How did you get in without a membership card?
Please go out immediately
Did you say let him go?
Zhou Gongzi, do you mean to ask him to kneel down for me?
Apologize to hear no kid
Zhou Gongzi has to kneel down for him
Qu Yan re-examination
Bullying the soft and fearing the hard
That's how Chu Yi usually teaches you to be fat
We, Mr. Chu, are a leftover legion
Close Chamber of Commerce
Even the Governor of Jiangshou has to respect him three points
What the hell are you?
How dare you call Mr. Chu by his name?
What nonsense do you talk to him?
Break his legs without kneeling
Until he kneels
Be quiet and let the security team come over
Linze
You kneel now
Maybe a little less fleshy
You don't deserve me to kneel
up
Stop